---
title: 'Road To True History'
date: 01-04-22
permalink: /posts/2022/04/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - History
  - India

---

Almost around 2 years ago I started studying scriptures which were written centuries ago by some people who belonged to Indian (Bharat) sub continent. After studying these I'm confused, surprised, angry at the same time. Some of the findings in many fields which are being discovered today were already present in those books!. I was thinking how is this even possible. How can people of my country disrespect their own country and treat people from other countries with extremely high regards but not their own?. What is reason behind forgetting our own contributions? How did majority of the people in our country become dumb all of a sudden? Why did they lose their self esteem? How did they forget who they actually are/were?

History is the seed. The present and future is built on top of this seed. The present and future will change if the history is forgotten/modified/fiddled with. People will forget who they are, where they come from, where they are headed towards if the history vanishes. This is the reason why Night king wanted to kill Bran Stark in Game of thrones. Bran Stark was the only person who knew history, present and the future. Do you know what Taliban did when they occupied Afghanistan?. They burnt all the books in the libraries. There is a deep meaning behind this. There is a reason why millions of lines of code has been transferred to Artic Code Vault. 

I do not know if I am allowed to say all these things but this needs to be told. I will be writing a series of blog posts as I embark on this journey to find the truth. 

