---
title: 'Life Stories: Have you become a dumb person?'
date: 22-04-05
permalink: /posts/2022/04/blog-post-2/
tags:

  

---

Have you ever tried being a dumb person or have you thought how does it feel like to be a dumb person?
I have topped the charts in every single thing I have touched but something happened when I entered Junior year of my Engineering. 

I lost interest in every single thing except some competitions which I liked participating. I wasn't able to progress in things for e.g studies. Studying became boring all of a sudden unless I liked the subjects from my heart. SGPA went down (was hitting 9+ pointer consistently). Then Covid (I'm still thinking it's a hoax) kicked in, every single person in my family got diagnosed as positive, a close family person lost the job, it was placement season aswell at the college. Somehow I got into one company. I would say this period is one of the life changing moment. My brain started crackling with electricity or I felt likt it. It was as if every single day a bomb was blasting inside my head. I started getting epiphanies at a random point of time every single day. Racing thoughts, analysis paralysis etc. Have you ever had lot of thoughts at once and it overwhelms you completely and you ask yourself why can't my brain STFU!?.

Then I came across one post on reddit when I took a personality test. It looks like the above events are features of the personality which I was diagnosed with. How weird is that?. I thought this must be some mental heath issue. Life is weird!
